In Exodus Defence, you will use different installations and vehicles
to protect your bases and attack the enemy.
This tutorial covers the use of fixed turrets.

You are currently in control of one such turret.
It can be aimed using the mouse or the W,A,S,D keys

Moving the mouse left to right will turn the turret.
Moving the mouse forward and back will raise or lower the gun.
You can use the mouse wheel, or the A,Z keys to zoom in and out.

Use the left mouse button or space bar to fire your primary weapon.
Your current weapon is a rapid fire cannon. This is a good general purpose weapon.
Be careful where you point it! It is just as dangerous to friendly units as enemies.

A number of target barrels have been placed close to your position.
Aim and fire at them to test your cannon.

At the bottom of the screen are four turret status cards, numbered 1-4.
Each card represents a playable unit.
You can take control of any playable unit at any time.
Do this by pressing the corresponding number on your keyboard.

You have just received an upgrade.
When you have an available upgrade you will see an icon in the top right of your screen.

Upgrades give you beneficial effects, such as better weapons or repairs.
An upgrade can be applied once, to one unit.
To upgrade more units, you must get the upgrade again.

Apply the upgrade to your turret by pressing <enter>.

This upgrade is a secondary weapon - a guided missile launcher.
Secondary weapons can be used in addition to your primary weapon.

To fire your secondary weapon, use the right mouse button or <ctrl>

Some weapons, like missile launchers, have limited ammunition.
When your ammunition runs out, you must wait for it to reload to fire again.

Guided weapons need a target lock in order to track their target.
When your radar picks up a target, you will see a green tracking symbol.
Keep tracking the target and the symbol will turn red, indicating a lock.
You can now fire, and the missile will track that target.

Two drones, which simulate enemy aircraft, are approaching your position.
Lock on and shoot one down with your missiles.

ScriptEvent {time = 20.0 type = "_SCRIPT_Narrative" queue = "scriptEvents" parameters = "10.0" "Jack"}
